security: add explanation about permit/deny ACLs (#631)
wazo-platform/wazo-platform.org: content/uc-doc/administration/security.md

See the list of network ports that are listening to `[0.0.0.0]` in the
[network ports](/uc-doc/contributors/network) page. Change the service
[configuration](/uc-doc/system/configuration_files) for services that do not need to be accessible.

## Limiting who can connect to Asterisk via IP addresses access control lists (ACLs)

As an additionnal security layer, you can also use ACLs on your trunk SIP templates and on your
endpoint SIP templates.

### Keywords

> The usual way of defining ACLs for a PJSIP template is to use the `permit`/`deny` keywords. However,
> wazo-confgend does not generate options in order in the PJSIP configuration file. This means that
> sometimes the `permit` options appear before the `deny` and sometimes the reverse is true. To
> counter this, it is possible and recommended to _only_ use the `permit` keyword with the following
> techniques, depending on how you want to use the ACL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The usual way of defining ACLs for a PJSIP template is to use the `permit`/`deny` keywords. However,
wazo-confgend does not generate options in order in the PJSIP configuration file. This means that
sometimes the `permit` options appear before the `deny` and sometimes the reverse is true. To
work around this, it is possible and recommended to _only_ use the `permit` keyword along with exclamation marks in order to both allow and exclude specific addresses, such as demonstrated in the following
examples.
```
